Updates to web app developer docs (#1064)
mattermost/mattermost-developer-documentation: site/content/contribute/webapp/unit-testing.md

Below is a brief guide on how to do component testing:

1. Match snapshot using default or expected props. Note that while the snapshot is convenient, we shouldn't rely solely on this for every test case as changes can be easily overlooked when using `jest -updateSnapshot` to update multiple snapshots at once.
    ```javascript
    const baseProps = {
        active: true,
        onSubmit: jest.fn(),
    };

    test('should match snapshot, not send email notifications', () => {
        const wrapper = shallow(<EmailNotificationSetting {...baseProps}/>);

        expect(wrapper).toMatchSnapshot();

        // Save a snapshot of part of a component when it has another render function like "renderOption".
        // This creates a small snapshot of that particular render function's result instead of the entire component.

>         expect(wrapper.instance().renderOption()).toMatchSnapshot();

Reviewer: this would only work with class-based components .. should we mention that here?

Author: I don't think we need to mention it here. If it's a functional component, I'd just have that method into another component which could be tested independently, so this example isn't really relevant for them

### 2. If you get an error like "UnhandledPromiseRejectionWarning: TypeError: (0 , \_fff.hhh) is not a function"
a. Check if you're mocking part of an imported module without providing other exports which are used. You can use `jest.requireActual` to get the unmocked version of the file.

    ```javascript
    // DO NOT partially mock the module
    jest.mock('actions/storage', () => ({
        setGlobalItem: (...args) => ({type: 'MOCK_SET_GLOBAL_ITEM', args}),
    }));

    // DO fully mock the module
    jest.mock('actions/storage', () => {
        const original = jest.requireActual('actions/storage');
        return {
            ...original,
            setGlobalItem: (...args) => ({type: 'MOCK_SET_GLOBAL_ITEM', args}),
        };
    });
    ```

### 3. If you get an error like "UnhandledPromiseRejectionWarning: TypeError: Cannot read property 'data' of undefined"

> a. Use async mock functions with resolved value. The property that cannot be readcan be `error`, `data`, `exists`, `match`, or whatever the resolved value contains.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
a. Use async mock functions with resolved value. The property that cannot be read can be `error`, `data`, `exists`, `match`, or whatever the resolved value contains.
```
